docs: fix wording in the perimeters documentation (#1032)
maxGraph/maxgraph: packages/website/docs/usage/perimeters.md

:::

:::info
The `PerimeterRegistry` is a new registry introduced in version 0.20.0 to manage perimeters.

> Edge styles were previously managed by the `StyleRegistry`, which has then been removed.

Author: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
Perimeters were previously managed by the `StyleRegistry`, which has then been removed.
```
